Kog and Seren's Routes overlap
Feri's route is indipendant.
The True Ending requires all other 3 endings to be obtained first.

General tip:
If you board the train to the Inner Ring and show one of the nobles there
that you're going to take up the case somehow, they may sponsor you.

KOG:
Head from home to Bright Square and then to the Pen & Dragon.
Talk to Ceris and record line 3 (About Rat having rumors about Kog), then leave.
Navigate back home, then to Sunrise Center, then finally Light Alley.
Present Rat the line for Ceris and he will text-dump.
Record ANY line 125-129 and leave the conversation.
Go back to the Sunrise Center, then to the Docks, then Kog's Workshop.
Present Kog any of the above lines to get the Beak-Mask.
Go to the Docks and then take the train to your house, then to the Inner Ring.
Go to Seren's Lab and Talk to Seren.
Present the mask to Seren and record line 21 (about Kog having stopped going).
Leave the conversation and head back to Kog.
Talk to and Present Kog with Seren's line and he will get angry.
Defeat and arrest him.

SEREN:
Follow Kog's route up to entering Seren's Lab.
Before speaking to him, inspect the place and obtain the Pure Etheris Vial.
Talk to Seren, Showing him the vial.
Record line 12 (about ethical sourcing) and then go silent for a round.
Show Seren the Beak-Mask to make him nervous.
If he is nervous and you present him his line about ethical sourcing he will crack.
Defeat and arrest him.

FERI:
/!\ Feri's route is only possible to complete on Days 1 and 2 /!\
Go to Bright Square and Talk to Sprocket.
Clarify on line 99 or 101 (About Feri) and Record line 105, 108, or 109.
Go to Feri's Palace and inspect the area for the Broken Bottle.
Talk to Feri, Present her any of the above lines from Sprocket.
Record line 15 (about how she sent out her guard on the Chimeric) and then go silent for a round.
The following two steps can be done in any order:
Present her own line about the guard to make her nervous, then go silent.
OR
Present the bottle to her to make her angry, then go silent.
After both of those steps have been completed in any order, arrest her.

TRUE ENDING:
After getting the other 3 endings, explore town until Day 6.
Complete the sequence.