[General Game Info - Starts line 1, goes for 9 lines]
Hello! Thanks for checking out the game this far.
If you've gotten this far you know to navigate the world by using the letters in brackets.
A good start, but things are going to get much more complicated later.
To start, seek out those who seem most suspicious- present the poster around and gauge reactions.
People may be willing to share more, sometimes out of kindness- others need a bribe...
You have a very strong power: information. Present the right facts to the right people.
It may shock you to see how people react to you knowing so much.
They may even fight you. In which case you better have gone to equip some Spellstones... or...
I hope you've saved your game recently.

[The Citadel of Lux - Starts line 11, goes for 5 lines]
This book talks about the founding of the Citadel. How the Great Wall was built up around it.
Several pages are dedicated to how wonderful the past kings of Lux have been.
All the wonders the city has brought, yada yada.
Theres a page in here graphiti'd with the drawing of a simple feather.
Theres nothing else good in here.

[Humans - Starts line 19, goes for 5 lines]
It's a biology textbook on the Human race.
You're fairly certain you know all there is to know in this book. Wink Wonk.
No but seriously its also a comprehensive book on general anthropology and history.
You put it back without thinking about it too much. Too boring.

[Wildfolk - Starts line 25, goes for 6 lines]
It's a book about the biology and history of the Wildfolk.
Wildfolk are a race more in-tune with the natural world. 
Supposedly one of the first of the races made by The First Four- the Wildfolk being Seh'novis' children.
While fairly human-like, from their waist down their torsos are furred, and they either have
cloven hooves or paws in place of where their feet should be.
Their ears are also much larger, to hear the whispering of forests they came from.

[Chimerics - Starts line 33, goes for 8 lines]
It's a book about Chimerics- their history and biology.
Written Chimeric history is fairly new despite them being one of the first of the races.
Created by the god Neth'arum, the Chimerics were incomplete upon creation due to Neth 
not having any true powers of creation himself.
Being created inherently without some limbs or organs, Neth'arum instead used some of his
power to infuse the Chimeric people with lesser animals- replacing the parts they had lost.
As a result some Chimerics look like a jumble of human and animal features.
Some to a more frightening effect than others. Such as "X class" Chimerics.

[Terrians - S line 43, E in 7 lines]
This book is about Terrian history and biology.
Terrians were a race of insectiod like people thought to have gone extinct.
Long before the First Flare that wiped out the planet's electromagnetic field, Terrians were
tinkerers and scientists- some of the few able to read the now lost language of Machines.
Durring the re-excavation of the Chimeric city of Dystor, a tunnel caved and lead to a
stronghold dug out by Terrians that had been living underground for hundreds of years.
Now they've rejoined surface dwellers, attempting to remaster Electricity.

[Dragons - S line 52, E in 6 lines]
This book is about the Dragonians and their origins.
Or- you thought? This seems to be more of a critique on their ways of life.
Harsh critique is thrown onto the concept of the Name Hierarchy.
This is the concept that dragons block oppertunities off to each other depending on their names and lineage.
The book is written by someone named Ceburn- of course a name low in the hierarchy.
Almost sad to see... Wait this is still in the wrong section though.

[Fuor - 60, for 6]
It's a book about the god FuorO'for. Fuor has the most diverse interpretations of The First Four.
In some views gentle and nurturing like a mother bird, in others savage and a trickster like a crow.
Under the rule of Dysterox's Elemental, the Chimerics made an interesting interpretation of Fuor.
This interpretation is called The King. The King is manipulating and spiteful.
According to legend The King will return to the realm of morals and spare only his followers.
Those who follow The King are not known- its thought to be a dying or dead religion, even amongst Chimerics

[Seno - 68, for 6]
It's a Book about the god Seh'Novis. Seno is the youngest of The First Four, and a gentle child-like god.
Seno is often depicted as the protagonist of fables involving early life lessons, as small kids relate to her.
Seno is said to be the one who had a hand in painting the night sky- purely by spilling ink across a canvas.
Fuor and Seno have a contentious relationship through multiple religions.
In some, Seno is the adoptive daughter of Fuor, and the two are inseperable.
In others, Seno and Fuor share a time of birth, and are utmost rivals. This is seen more often in The King mythos.