Jack... Jack get up.
Get out of bed- come on.
Seh'no above... you're in such a sorry state.
Lucky for you I found something interesting today. I put it over on the table.
But first- I hope you still remember how to- you know- do your job?
So I'm gonna give you a little quiz first before I let you go.
See the commands below? Type the letter in the brackets [] to execute it.
Try them all out, then repeat this line back to me.

[Inquire line 3, 4, 6, 7]
After you're wrapped up here just go over to the table and check it out.
Be sure to pick it up before you leave too- you're gonna need it.
If you have no idea what to do with it, show it to me once you have it.

I think you'll get the hang of things again. You better.
Rent's due in like 2 weeks Jack- and I bet if you crack this we'll be set.
And also I guess... It'll help some people or whatever.

Don't mind my first wall break.
Also good job on following instructions.

If you have no idea how to, go back (press [S]), then press [R] to enter record mode.
While in this mode, enter the number to the left of the line- in this case 7.
After you've recorded it, press [W]. You can only do this from the main conversation page.
You'll open your notebook to see everything you've written.
Once you close it, enter the number to the left of the entry you want to share to repeat it to me.

[Present line 7]
Perfect. Now don't forget to inspect and take the paper on the table.
If you still want practice with the commands, come back to me any time.
Oh and if you don't know what to do from here- show me the item once you've picked it up.

[Present Placeholder Todo Text]
That To-do list of yours is about to get a lot bigger.
Anyways- stop messing around.

[END OPENING CONVERSATION]

Hey Jack. Hope you're still raring to go. Don't forget to equip Spellstones before you go.
You may want to check out a few people around town. Notable figures.
Take the Train to the Inner Ring or the Docks.
If you're still clueless on how to even get places, go right to the library read Game Info.

[Present Missing Person Poster]
Alright you got it.
Right away I suggest you take it to another Chimeric- see if anyone recognizes them.
Some noteable Chimerics are Ceris and Selene, who I'm sure would always be happy to see you.
Then theres Rutherian... up in the Inner Ring. It's a longshot, but try him.